docs: Add Missing SSR integrity marker error doc page (#51340)
angular/angular: aio/content/errors/NG0507.md

@name Missing SSR content integrity marker
@category runtime
@shortDescription Angular hydration logic detected that HTML content of this page was modified

@description

> Angular hydration relies on HTML produced by the server, including whitespaces and comment nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular throws this error when it detects that the content generated by server-side rendering (SSR) was altered after the rendering. The process of hydration relies on the content to be untouched after SSR, which also includes whitespaces and comment nodes. Those whitespaces and comment nodes must be retained in the HTML generated by the SSR process. Learn more in the [Hydration guide](guide/hydration#constraints).
```

> This errors occurs when the Angular hydration logic detects that HTML content generated service side was modified after SSR is completed. For example, when the whitespaces and comment nodes are stripped off from the HTML. 

Reviewer: (this is covered by the paragraph above)
```suggestion
```

@debugging

> Typically this happens either by CDN or during the build process as an optimization to remove comment nodes.
> 
> Make sure that there are no optimizations that remove comment nodes from HTML enabled on your CDN.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically this happens in the following cases:

* Some CDN providers have a built-in feature to remove whitespaces and comment nodes from HTML as an optimization. Please verify if there is such an option in CDN configuration and turn it off.
* If you use custom post-processing of HTML generated by SSR (as a build step), make sure that this process doesn't remove whitespaces and comment nodes.

```
